Help me
Help me! Come here
I see you women
I see who can save you.
Hurry up!
Give you face
Hey, it's not you coward, why don't you save people?
Why don't you go yourself?
I never go
I'm a woman, you asked me to save people
Are you out of your mind?
Saving people is love
It is duty not to save
If you don't go with your body, what moral kidnapping will let me go?
Are you a big man and not a turtle?
Does he have any conscience or blood?
It's just you
No.
Why don't you let your boyfriend go?
It's me, not so many of them. What should I do if his boyfriend is injured?
What's that got to do with me?
Yellow croaker, stop arguing
Why haven't the police arrived after so long?
The police arrived, and everyone was probably cold
I saved you in my last life
You avenge your kindness
It separated my wife.
People's livelihood is in chaos
This time I'd like to see what you do
What do others want?
you
Don't want